
                //Down and Up method
The down method of our migration class is the opposite of up method.


Small changes-small migrations-small push into repository(keep in mind).

                   //View Model or Presentation Model
 Is a different class that is used only for presentation and it is not part of domain.
 Provides clean separation between UI and domain(models).



           //SelectList class
Represents a list that lets users select one item.



         ///Navigation property
When we apply navigation property in our code, it means we are asking EF to automatically 
perform a join between the two tables.

A navigation property is an optional property on an entity type that allows for navigation
from one end of an association to the other end. Unlike other properties, navigation
properties do not carry data.



           //Foreign key 
A foreign key property in the Entity Data Model (EDM) is a primitive type property 
(or a set of primitive type properties) on an entity type that contains the entity 
key of another entity type.

A foreign key property is analogous to a foreign key column in a relational database.
In the same way that foreign key columns are used in a relational database to create
relationships between rows in tables, foreign key properties in a conceptual model are
used to establish associations between entity types. A referential integrity constraint
is used to define an association between two entity types when one of the types has 
a foreign key property.






                  ///Information Expert principle
Problem definition

Information Expert is a principle used to determine where to delegate responsibilities.
These responsibilities include methods, computed fields and so on. Using the principle
of Information Expert a general approach to assigning responsibilities is to look at a
given responsibility, determine the information needed to fulfil it, and then determine
where that information is stored. Information Expert will lead to placing the responsibility
on the class with the most information required to fulfil it. 




                              ///Bundling
Bundling is a new feature in ASP.NET 4.5 that makes it easy to combine or bundle multiple
files into a single file. You can create CSS, JavaScript and other bundles.
Fewer files means fewer HTTP requests and that can improve first page load performance.



                               // Minification
Minification performs a variety of different code optimizations to scripts or css,
such as removing unnecessary white space and comments and shortening variable names
to one character.






                       //Bundling and minification
Bundling and minification are two techniques you can use in ASP.NET 4.5 to improve request
load time. Bundling and minification improves load time by reducing the number of requests 
to the server and reducing the size of requested assets (such as CSS and JavaScript.)

Most of the current major browsers limit the number of simultaneous connections per 
each hostname to six. That means that while six requests are being processed,
additional requests for assets on a host will be queued by the browser.